Adding docs for generating visual (#1619)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/tools/visual.rst

.. Copyright (c) 2019 Digital Asset (Switzerland) GmbH and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.
.. SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

> Visualizing DAML Contract

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visualizing DAML contracts
```

> Visualizing DAML Contract

Reviewer: and you still need the underline otherwise it's not a title!

Author: I am assuming ### is used for title correct me if I am wrong, please

> .. Copyright (c) 2019 Digital Asset (Switzerland) GmbH and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

Reviewer 2: Can we put an example output in the docs? ideally one generated from the quickstart, so we can tell users how to reproduce it.

Author: Will add it very soon. In a different PR

.. SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

> DAML Contract Visulization

Reviewer: Task-based headings are normally better for users - so something like "Visualizing DAML contracts"

(Plus you don't need to use Title Case, just capitalise like you would in a sentence)

Reviewer 3: There's also a typo in "Visulization".

Author: :(

> #########

Reviewer: This isn't gonna work, unfortunately - needs to be as long as the line above

Reviewer 2: 😢

> Introduction

Reviewer: This is such a short page, I don't think it needs this heading

************

> You can generate visual graphs for DAML contracts visual command via command line tool. This program generates dot file which in turn can fed in to graphviz engine to produce an image.

Reviewer: This is a bit ambiguous as to what the user actively needs to do. And I think you can  merge this with the instructions below. I'd suggest something like: 
 
```suggestion
You can generate visual graphs for the contracts in your DAML project. To do this:

 1. Install `Graphviz <http://www.graphviz.org/download/>`_.
 2. Generate a DAR from your project by running ``daml build``.
 3. Generate a `dot file <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DOT_(graph_description_language)>`_ from that DAR by running ``daml damlc visual <path_to_project>/dist/<project_name.dar> --dot <project_name>.dot``
 4. Generate the visual graph with Graphviz by running ``dot -Tpng <project_name>.dot > <project_name>.dot.png``
```

Author: Cool adapted the changes. This looks a lot easier.

Trying it out

> *************

Reviewer 3: Do we need an empty line below this heading for the rendering to work? Same below.

Author: Nope, not needed it. Removed
